hear my tale. It is the 10th year of his rule. On the night of Blood Moon,
two men met the mother of deposed Queen Yoon. Through them the king obtained
when she was killed? Your Highness! The late king wanted to keep this a secret, so I desired to take this to my grave... So why bring it now?
An unknown party hired an assassin to steal it! By whom? Half of the court tried to dethrone the late Queen, so we do not know who's behind the plot. It’s obviously a matter of disloyalty to destroy her majesty’s last remains
But we could not ignore where this may lead to. Who'd have thought,
a piece of clothing would result in a blood bath. Where did the enraged king first visit?
He killed his father's 2 resentful concubines with his bare hands, and iron mace. Their bodies were torn up and scattered in the mountain.
He also killed his grandmother for slandering his mother,
and those who spread defaming rumors, supporters of dethronement, maids who transported the poison, they were all mercilessly killed
by poison, decapitation, and dismemberment into pieces. Traitors' tombstones were destroyed, their remains dug up
and smashed to smithereens, eventually ending up as dust in the air.
Over 200 remains were fed to the pigs. This killing spree became known as
However, two men never stopped laughing during the purge Minister IM Soong-jae, and his father IM Sa-hong.
They were the most treacherous men alive. What goes around comes around,
your bone dust may fly in the wind one day...
This brush won't let go once in my hand. Minister! Yes, Highness. I believe all vicious weeds have been uprooted.
Your resolve to eliminate them has reached the heavens. It wasn't my resolve alone, your efforts paid off. All done.
Come in!
It is quite a sight. I just love this silver knife. With the will of the taker against the defender of chastity,
two innate desires in one... It is simply magnificent. I am honored, Your Highness. I must reward you two for your continuous sacrifices.
Hope you like it. Your grief over the recent affairs is clearly expressed.
What say you? Vivid sensuality is enough to arouse one's lust, but their false expression prevent it from reaching grace.
Then I must throw this out. There is a way to elevate it.
IM Soong-jae By claiming it as my own, it'll not taint your reputation,
and it is a masterpiece considering my limited talent. Bullshit!
You are something! Did the king really bestow you this? Don't you see my name on it? Now, whoever mimics this pose the best,
will be awarded with this golden toad.
My Lord. We only have one new addition today.
Is she not the one? If you give me that drawing, I'll show you something better. What? I heard you check all the new girls.
Who could you be looking for? I'm not sure, but you are definitely not the one.
I heard you're the king's most trusted confidant. However,
tonight, you are my king. Then I shall show you how a king jests. For every jar I empty, take off an article.
in addition to the drawing, I'll bring you into the palace. But if I win, you'll walk the streets naked. - Will you accept? - Of course.
- My Lord... - Get on with it!
My Lord! Please spare me! Spare you? It was merely a jest!
I overstepped... You sly devious whore! - Strip all the way! - What's going on?! Stop this at once!
The king's gift is an heirloom! You must be joking. That lewd drawing as an heirloom? You ungrateful bastard! How dare you!
Don't you know I got you reinstated? Everyone out! At once! After these two men shook up the country,
streets were filled with criticisms. The king left official duties behind for carnal desires,
royal advices from his ministers fell on deaf ears. He turned a city into a hunting ground...
The hunt for his populace or animals has begun!
As his tyranny peaked, this nation faced a crisis.
'We must call for an uprising, that thrones a fair king to replace the old!'
Today's hunt is starting off with a bang.
No need for tears. Your life will change if he asks for you. Giddyup!
It's been a while since us brothers went on a hunt. Indeed, Your Highness. Have you walked the streets under a disguise lately? Well, yes.
If I am preoccupied with official duties, it is your duty to keep an ear on the populace on my behalf. Yes.
Or are you holding something back? What do you mean?
You Highness, how about a friendly race? Yes, that'd be fun! Minister PARK! Yes, Your Highness!
So... What should we bet? I have nothing worthy to bet, Your Highness. You have your life. Highness, you jest. Don't worry.
Many will offer their necks in your stead. How about we test their loyalty to you?
I order you to exterminate storks from our land at once.
Do you understand? Yes, Your Highness! The king began to suffer from apparitions and insomnia,
it was said that this was due to heavy blood loss. It was unlike of Soong-jae to miss this chance. Your Highness.
What do you think of the sun? It is brilliantly radiant, and all encompassing... Just like Your Highness.
Then, like the sun, do I... encompass all of Joseon?
If you grace women of Joseon with your light, it will rid of their shadows and cure Your Highness. What nonsense, when His Highness is ill.
There is no shame in pursuing carnal desires. I'll bring you a millennium of pleasures for one night!
I know my baby's taste the best. I will handpick the girls for my baby's liking, so why don't you allow me... I have plans,
so set your worries aside, and help me sleep. What plans? Your Highness, Minister IM has arrived. Let him in!
Just in time, I've been curious.
They say your life flashes before you when facing death. Do you know what I saw at that moment? I saw the look of those who wished for my death.
I cannot forget the anticipation on their faces. They'll hide their teeth and wait for their time. If their teeth are hidden behind their lips,
why not sew them shut for good? I've been holding banquets despite difficult circumstances,
to seek those who could bear me an heir. I realized I should have searched farther.
Ergo, I order a nationwide beauty recruiting. They'll be called 'comforters', and live up to that name.
Therefore, Minister IM Soong-jae, and Minister of Defense IM Sa-hong are given full royal authority as 'Beauty Recruit Officers'!
We are eternally grateful, Your Highness.
It's a sunny place and a prime spot to watch the sunset.
I was saving it for a gazebo, but I hope you like it. It's good enough for a palace! Palace? Nice!
How would we solicit to change king's orders? We cannot accept this.
-Sir... - Out of my way! Minister YU... Consort JANG must be desperate. But you didn't need to be so cold. We cannot ignore her.
Thought the candidates were chosen at random?
Those who looked down on us will beg for their lives.
The strong gets to pick, the weak gets picked. One more drink, please? - Come here, bitch! - Minister PARK, it's not our room! I didn't realize the loyal subjects
who work tirelessly for the king's virility were here. Excuse me.
As if all your scheming and pimping weren't enough, now you'll scrounge every virgin for his pleasure? Drink quietly. Soong-jae.
Is it today? Your sister's death anniversary.
When the king frequented her room, I was often by his side. What I heard weren't screams, but moans. So why the suicide? IM Soong-jae! How does it feel!
To know that you bow down to the man who raped your sister? May I have another?
I have experienced men of all kinds, from nobles, farmers, butchers, to even thugs. Any man with balls intact, I can wrap him in my skirt and suck his soul out.
How dare you compare the king to peasants! But isn't the king also a man? Overconfidence aside, you'll do.
Glad that she's to your liking. I cannot tolerate the two 'IM's anymore. I must regain my power, so take special care, Minister YU!
Red! It's red!
One word out of the king, the red flag is raised. Show yourself! Show yourself to me!
The one who'll comfort the king will become Comforters! The one who'll cleanse him, will be the Consort! It's not a formal court affair.
So it won't be guaranteed whether the king will grace her. But ultimately she'll serve the king. Father!
Let me go! Honey! Daughters, wives, mistresses were all requisitioned... Wearing red uniform and taking girls away,
and not a single woman was spotted on the street. There are more than one way to find girls!
Oh no! Your Majesty! This young lady is destined to become a queen! -  Please stop. - Your Majesty!
Dammit. - Come with us! - Wait! Hold on!
So much chaos and shady deals.
One could not watch on without tearing up. Virgin! Virgins were marked red, while others blue.
The royal artist painted day and night, turning teary faces into happy ones. I think we have enough.
But the king will want someone truly unique. They are not enough to win against the Consort. If so...
there's one last place to visit.
Enough!
Listen here. Debt must be repaid with money, what is this nonsense?
You moved up the deadline, this was all I could muster. So, didn't I say I'll void your debt for a drink with your daughter.
I'll make her an orphan and take her!
Who's this? You haven't changed at all.
Your sharp tongue is still the same. Come in. Come. Father! Father! Are you all right?
I heard you and my father were old friends. We were indeed.
Time travels faster than an arrow. I also heard you promised to achieve greatness together! Did we?
Well, it became difficult since my father was dismissed. You could've prevented his dismissal.
But instead, you spoke ill of him! Checkmate. Bad move. Mind if I take back? Not at all!
Not a problem at all. Look, I couldn't help him back then,
since I was too weak to stand against the court. There was no malice. Please forgive me... Take my fortune!
Just look at her, she's my only daughter!
Did you hear? Even Lord JO got raided. Those scouts are no better than pirates. They already took more than ten thousand girls! It's insane!
If I ever see one of those scouts, I'll skin them alive! Why aren't I recruited? I'm the fairest.
Shit, your face provokes violence in men. Say what? You asshole! Leaving already? They'll begin soon. Begin what?
Aren't you here for the show?
and the hunger has forced them to eat each other. The enraged mountain god sent a tiger!
With the god's order, it came to renounce the world, but could not find any guilty men. Why should people be guilty of poverty?
Corrupt officials behind high walls are the guilty ones. They deserve to die! When the tiger could not climb over the high wall,
it decided to become flesh and blood of the peasants, and help wreak havoc on the corrupted.
clear peacock eyes, sharp nose, and lips like peach skin... He knew he had found the one!
But... she was a meager butcher. A butcher!
It's no face for a noble. Hey! It's him. Fitting your title as the women hunter! Going after a girl like a dog in heat! How dare you talk to a noble like that!
I got no business with you two, so get lost. Let's go. Who hired you? Hire me? You got it wrong.
I volunteer myself to kick the shit out of you! - Agree? - Sure.
Why did you follow me?
I once knew a sword dancer. She had a unique hand gesture and steps. Where did you learn that dance?
It came to me while working as a butcher. Not from a teacher. I see.
Sir, I have a favor to ask. Could you... recruit me?
I'll pretend I didn't hear that. Is it because my hands reek of animal blood?
But sir! My father has a large debt. So please... Let go.
I will even... offer myself to you.
Come on out!
I am Jung-hwa, Lord JO's daughter.
- Let's go inside. - Yes.
Over there! What are you doing?!
Do you wish to die? She's a property of the king.
Your father allowed it... - You lie! - It's true. Was this your plan all along? She'll be defiled at the palace, it won't make a difference.
She's just paying for her father's crimes. Will you give up your power over petty grudge? Makhana lotus flower blooms once a century.
It's too early to know if she'll bloom or wither. The path towards the king won't be so smooth. I was just startled.
A lowly butcher personating a noble's daughter... What are you really after? Repaying my father's debt, that's all.
You chose to walk this path, let's see how long you last.
We returned from our duties...
Okay! Good! I've waited so long! Good, raise your heads! Now! You'll eat Joseon's greatest delicacies on gold plates to your heart's content.
You'll wear clothes of silk and satin, we'll hold banquets on the river, bathe in the valley,
hunt tigers together, and make love every day... However, if you miss your husband or lover, or even think about escaping, I'll behead you on the spot!
All right! I'll take you to our playground!
Behold! Let me introduce your peers!
This university is intended to educate... Even Confucius said if you disregard interaction,
you can't expect true growth, right? There are strict code of conduct between men and women. I even brought your wife here.
How's our baby? I found a wet nurse, so don't worry.
Until these comforters become consorts, they'll reside here,
and lower comforters will be disciplined at nearby temples! Yes, Your Highness! This is unbearable.
Turning universities and temples into comforter training camps! This has gone too far and too long. How long must we wait?
Who must we induct? Who else? Prince Jinseong, of course. Our time will come.
Wake up! Move faster! Hurry!
What makes an ideal woman? Large mouth and clean teeth that can envelop a manhood, long black hair like silk and slender ankles.
Satin-like skin and warm body temperature. Full buttocks and thin bones!
And what makes a desirable vagina? First, the opening should be near the front. Second, less pubic hair is best, and must be thin and fair.
Third, it must always be warm and moist. When it comes to size, it should be just big enough to fit the king's manhood.
Sex positions all have one principle to achieve pure bliss through proper contact. How do you consider yourself for the ultimate contact? - Confucius said... - With respect...
Aren't we just wet holes for the king to fuck?
We're royal palace piss pots, albeit the best kind. Capable of taking any loads from men of all ages and sorts.
We are like medicine. Using our body to heal another.
That is the real contact. Very good! Whatever it may be, nobody knows who among you will become consorts or discarded as slaves.
so do your absolute best. Do you really believe you're a medicine? I shall teach you how to be one.
How ridiculous, how ridiculous... The king is a poet, so learn the metaphors. He is a brilliant painter!
Pierce the moon with your toes! Higher! Raising your heels will develop your pelvic muscles. Cleaning with unbent knees stimulates the uterus,
Mix sulfur, gemmifera roots, cornus fruit, and cnidium, grind and sift them, then insert it. It'll shrink your vagina and make it more sensitive.
Mix 3 spoons of sulfur in water and wash your privates. It'll make it like a young girl's. Who's there?
Do not flinch! Feminine energy stems from lower abdomen.
After sensual Taoist trainings, only two remained!
A butcher who hid her true self, and a concubine who was filled with deep jealousy.
Squeeze out the seeds and don't spill a single drop.
Testicles are sensitive, only use tongue to stimulate.
Like a wet cloth, embrace him tightly. Two, uterus must be warm. Otherwise, there'll be vaginal discharge. Three.
Upon insertion, tighten your vaginal walls Four. When on top, gyrate your hips.
Five. Moan seductively under him. Six. When you don't reach orgasm, he may work too hard for it.
If he ejaculates too early, it could only mean trouble. - So you must climax hastily. - It's all right. It's not all right!
Do not forget these guidelines!
it's like addressing the entire nation. We're not worthy, Your Highness. Pick a dish and introduce yourself.
I'm from deep valleys of Milyang.
Your southern accent will charm us all! You're the Cutie. I am... Look at her! I'll call you the Wimp.
The Elegant, the Beautiful, the Skilled... The king inspected everyone very carefully, but soon got bored of it, and didn't even bother anymore.
That's her.
With one glimpse, I can tell you are special.
You are the Bewitcher.
Best of the bunch! I'll see you in the palace soon. Yes, Your Highness.
Anyone else?
Do you know what you just ate? It is heifer's uterus, preserved with garlic, a placenta dish. It's my favorite dish.
How did it taste? It was sorrowful. Sorrowful? Teardrops on a pillow, raindrops on a step stone,
over the window, rain falls all night, and a mother's jacket...
turns crimson.
You are... the Master. I am honored, Your Highness.
- Minister IM! - Yes, Your Highness! I want her in the palace right now! - But it is not... - Your Highness. Good things come to those who wait. You should observe until she's ripe.
If you so insist. The fact is, I feel so empty and lonely.
Please rush the training. Yes, Your Highness!
I never anticipated this contest, but of all the girls, why her? You see, it's unfolding as I've told you. Nonsense!
When I think of my life in exile, while her father... Do you think I'd hand over such power to them?
Lord JO's daughter? What a treacherous pair!
How could the IMs support a daughter of their nemesis?
But I can see why he would support her.
Yes, there's something special about her, even her scent is... Enough! Minister YU!
Get it together! My apologies! - Certainly. - Right now! You better up your game!
Looks like the butchering gave you the edge.
But for an uneducated peasant, how did you come up with such a poem? Even a lowly girl has good taste buds, I just tried to mimic what I learned.
Begin.
Her delicate hand gesture startled his pupils,
and melted his frozen memories.
She was traitor Lord KIM Il-son's daughter Dan-hee.
I'm not worthy, Your Highness.
I'll soon open a banquet to test your training. The winner will not only become my consort, she'll receive a large sum of gold... When I am in the palace,
even a million gold coins hold no value.
Then what'd make you happy?
This sword knows the answer, but how could you not?
Minister IM! Soong-jae! Come at once! Right away! - Let's play a game! - Yes, Your Highness. Come, you adorable things!
Did you notice the way the king looked at Jung-hwa?
We must change our way of thinking. Consort JANG's girl is no ordinary candidate. We can't lose this to JANG. Rush the liquor serving training so Jung-hwa can move up. She is still far from ready.
If we rush this before she's ready... Do you still not know the king? He'll suck her dry and throw her out, it's better to send her in early, and bring about a new change.
Must Minister YU do this?
Imagine him as the king, and entice him with drinks.
Stop.
Stop!
Hear ye! Must I be humiliated by a worthless pussy?
Maybe you don't look like the king. Remove her at once. SEOL is up next!
May I offer you a precious view?
Your Highness, what do you see? It is a featherless quail! Your Highness! Now what do you see?
It is pink, and wet, like a ripe persimmon. I shall tell you what it is. What a strange sight, what a bold sight!
Like a mouth of an old monk, so bald and toothless! Like a valley shaped by centuries of rain.
Like a groove in the wood, made by a sharp axe. Like an oasis, it is always wet and flowing.
Like an abalone waggling its tongue. Like a large seed inside a dried persimmon. Like a proud rooster with bright comb on its head.
An abalone, a persimmon, a rooster and water! It's a magnificent feast!
Enough! I told you to treat him like the king!
JO Jung-hwa is next!
Minister, we aren't here to save appearances. May I suggest one of the king's favorite plays? Will you accept?
For every drink I down, take an article off. If I pass out before you're naked, you win. If I still stand, your body is mine.
This is not appropriate, please retract. I didn't realize you could be so easily offended. Please continue.
Have you heard of a nut-cruncher? What is it?
It is an old method to tame bulls and hogs.
so it is better to castrate it when the time comes. It is just a hunk of meat, there's no use for the sack. It's a repulsive sack of skin, it's better off gone! You bitch!
Even if you are a king, you must treat a lady fairly. You're no different than animals with testicles. What?! Please stop.
I'll try again.
Murderous intent will blunt your moves.
Have you fallen for her?
If you take a king's plaything, 3 generations will perish! We are grooming is a beast, not king. When we scratch its itch, we're rewarded handsomely.
Once that stops, the beast will swallow us whole! Eliminate useless feelings.
Empty your mind! Do you really intend to have me bed him?
What? Are you training me, or showing me that you're jealous? Nonsense! You asked me if I consider myself as medicine. And what it treats.
I'll answer you now.
I am medicine prescribed to you.
But your feelings for me defies the king.
Is your daughter still sick?
But I just don't see her around anymore.
Let's be frank.
You've gone too far this time. What do you mean? The king's tastes are rather unique.
Why is he attracted to whores or butchers? Perhaps a tyrant and butcher are a match made in heaven.
Looking for this?
Why is it so sharp? Just best prepared for the performance.
Your Highness! Take him out of here! Hurry!
This is the antidote, treat him. How did you get this? We're on the same boat now, understood?
Plus, she must have been scheming. It had to be done. Did you... know who she really was?
You pathetic idiot! Haven't I warned you? You can't give everything up over petty feelings! Petty feelings? I am not incompetent like you.
What? Obedience and flattery will not work forever. Why you! When mother committed suicide during exile, you did nothing but watch. - Shut your mouth! - I'm not like you!
I have the power over the king! Because I am king above the king! Shut up! Keep quiet and watch how I do it.
What would you threaten me with? Forgot what you really gave the king that night? Will you betray your father over a girl?
Like father, like son. Like a father who gave up his family for power!
The assassin's already dead, and no clue whatsoever.
How will you conclude this matter? Since you favor Jung-hwa, other comforters may have instigated this... This is treason. How dare you!
In king's presence! Minister. Do you really believe that? Your Highness, this has to be treason! What of your reputation if your life was at risk over
mere comforters' jealousy? You must wipe out your enemies with this chance. Who knows? The real perpetrator may be among them.
Bring out the daughters of traitors! This is unfair. Please save me.
Rash behavior will be met with discipline.
Drag her out!
My father obtained this poison from China.
it could lead to death. During exile, my mother didn't want to burden my father, so she drank this. We obtained power that way,
so we ended up like this.
I've told you everything, now it's your turn. Why did you attempt to kill the king? - What do you mean? - I knew Lord KIM Il-son.
He was a respected official and an upright man. He was executed for criticizing the king. Please stop. - His remains must be... - Stop! You do not deserve to utter his name.
You must give up your revenge plot. It's all pointless. For a power chaser, it's all pointless to you. I will stop you.
I will use all my power to get you out. IM Soong-jae.
Is that power... really yours?
Minister! Minister! Minister! Please save me! This is unfair! Should have been careful, Minister YU! Soong-jae...
For Consort JANG's sake, I'll let you keep your neck, so sit back and rest. You are all wives and daughters
of those who plotted my death! You'll be punished accordingly! Have mercy, Your Highness! But you may be pardoned at today's shooting ceremony.
And I will accept you back as my comforters. We're eternally grateful! Prime Minister's daughter!
Come forward!
I'll aim, you just let the arrow loose.
Yes, Your Highness.
No!
Remove her! Next!
If you look away, you'll be flagged! Let the game begin. Treason
Left! Next! He embraced the comforters and fired the arrows. Left! Right! All direct hits,
the girls shed tears of blood. A twisted celebration! He danced and jumped in joy,
it was a gruesome sight to behold!
He's not it! He's not what? That man is not my husband.
You were mine all along, Your Highness. How will you prove it?
Don't move! Your Highness!
Come on! Do it!
Soong-jae, the mood is ruined. Your Highness...
Those who are called are the contest rejects.
You'll be reassigned or become slaves! HAN Ja-soon, HYE Dang-hwa, HYANG Il-hwa, SO Hyang, SEOL, and JO Jung-hwa.
Stupid whore. Please ask Consort JANG and put me back in. You want to be back in the contest?
Rumor says, a traitor's daughter is a comforter. She was put in that place by someone high up.
Your Highness, may your loyal subject speak?
The contest may be ruined, but a winner must be decided. And she must fulfill her duty.
I asked the head trainer to recommend the best one. But, she came up with two names instead.
Two names? Then pit them against each other. Ergo, I had them brought here. Bring them in!
All right, show your faces.
Your Highness! They no longer have any right to compete.
They've poured their souls into the contest, and had been outstanding candidates, so if they're deprived of their chance, how can we say that we're selecting the best?
I was sorry to let them go. Let's have a final match! Yes, Your Highness. - You're a schemer! - Why're you so enraged?
It's not like she'll die in his bed. Or can you not love someone tainted by the king? Must you be so cruel?
She has no feelings for you. Why not just take her? That's more like you. Love isn't your style.
I will set you straight, even if I have to kill you! I'll look forward to it, my Lord.
Life itself is prison for me. I'll take whatever punishment. Fine, if that's your wish. This is the final lesson. Strip. - Lord! - It's an order!
Lose, you'll die, win, you won't survive.
Remember this sensation with your body.
Be aroused first, and you lose. Not aroused, you lose.
Control your own senses, and you become the best.
Do you still entertain such futile hope? I promised never to get you killed. Fate played tricks on us. I owe you nothing.
Such warmth from a cold heart. Even if my body isn't, my heart is frozen solid. I will have you and melt your heart.
Even if it does beat, I will not become yours. Tell me, that you'll stop. Just tell me.
Prove it with your life, then I will say it.
Most desirable woman would seduce with her scent... I'm bored.
One cannot claim to be the best by killing a few soldiers. One must defeat the enemy general.
A tiger and a phoenix. Seduce each other before me.
I will award the winner with the loser's pretty head.
Your Highness, this is against nature.
Look at their eyes and say that. We've forbid any contact between comforters...
Must I cut off your tongue?
That's it! So Soong-jae trained Jung-hwa?
I did everything possible for your pleasure.
Get into it!
That's right.
Yes. Bit more.
That's right!
Jung-hwa, concentrate!
Good!
Oh come on.
Flip over, flip!
Don't lose, keep going! Seek your chance! Keep going, harder!
Concentrate! Keep going! We're almost there!
Try harder. Harder.
Tired already?!
Unable to finish without an instrument?
It is pitiful and desperate.
A struggle towards the sun. Venting with a dagger in hand.
The dragon's hand swings ferociously, and the snake's tongue remains silent. Soong-jae!
This is what I've been waiting for! Be aroused first, you lose, not aroused, you still lose. Control your own senses,
I'm dead, I'll lose my head!
Didn't you promise me a pretty head? And I'm fulfilling that now. Let the girl go. But she won't be pretty if dead. What?
- Your Highness... - Make SEOL her slave and I'll bed the winner tomorrow.
Let's go another round.
Delicate flower, with its crimson radiance,
greets the young east forgetting to bloom. Is the sky dark blinded by madness?
Or is the sky turned dark by a bleak mind?
Now, as promised, let's hear your request. Please select another girl as your new consort.
Are you in love with her? Do you remember when we were young? I did everything you told me to do. Even if it wasn't fit for a boy. Yes, we were close as these balls.
So I beg of you, give her to me! How dare you! Coveting a king's property is punishable by death!
Answer me this. Do you desire her at the risk of your life?
No sane man can live through this turbulent age. Turbulent age? My madness has turned the sky black!
Will you stop me? Even after deflowering thousands,
the ghosts of the dead won't leave me! I've gone utterly insane!
Go on. Please stop me.
Your Majesty, kill me instead! No, no! How can I kill a loyal subject?
You couldn't fulfill your duty due to my lack of virtue! Stop me... Please! Please! Your Highness!
Let go! Your Majesty!
Baby!
Who dared to bother my little baby. My baby.
Rest easy in mommy's bosom. That's it, everything's all right.
I'll take care of him, leave us now.
But how... It was her request.
Make no mistake.
If you hear the signal, kill everyone.
Even the new consort.
I too felt the same.
A riddle? Go on then. It normally floats, but sinks at times. You have 3 chances to solve it.
A horse? Your Highness! You really don't know?
Or a palanquin? One last chance, what is your answer?
I shall ride you, you're my boat today!
Unfortunately, you're wrong. It keeps a boat afloat or sinks it. It is water. It is said, the people is water, the king is the boat.
You're the boat that the water will sink today!
Your Highness! Are you all right?!
Who hired you?
Bring him in.
Lord JO, is this your daughter?
Spare me, Your Highness. Please...
Minister IM... Please speak on my behalf! How could we... Next.
My lady, glad to see you alive.
You there, is this your daughter?
No better than a mad butcher! Get a grip! Please! Next.
I'll ask for the last time. Is she your daughter? Lord KIM Il-son! Father... Why are you silent?
So disloyal! Why isn't anyone answering me?!
Why! Why?!
You are pathetic. What?
Surrounded by pigs busy stuffing themselves, with your eyes and ears shut, who'll tell you the truth?
What is the truth you're so desperate to tell? Go on, tell me. Become a human, if not a king.
Is this a masterpiece or should I put your name on it? I am solely to be blamed for my son's faults.
Please take my life and forgive him! Forgive? How can I forgive anyone, when I can't even recognize my mother's belongings?
Remember this? A symbol of our relationship. Without this, I'd still be a plaything for her enemies.
So let me ask, why'd you bring me this? I was sincerely looking after your well-being... My well-being?
I used it to solidify my throne, and you regained power. Your sincerity is noted. So can I throw it away now?
Your Highness! But it's your mother's article! It's my mother's, so why do you care? The late king worried about seeds of trouble,
so any articles that belonged to the queen were all destroyed. Father...
Did you really took me for a fool?
The late queen was indeed killed by conspiracy... I'll ask again! When a king makes an error, should his subjects object,
or should they comply for the fear of their lives? A loyal subject should... Pandering to my needs, regardless of its consequences, you're a treacherous subject!
you're a traitor who ruined this nation! Your Highness! Please take my life! No loyal servants exist in my court,
But a dog should not be put down over one bite.
A father, who offered his own wife's keepsake, and his son, who offered his lover.
What will you do for me now?
Can you bring me paint for the drawing?
This is my reward to you, so retain your loyalty. I'm eternally grateful. And recruit for the next group of comforters. No mistakes this time.
Yes, Your Majesty.
That is the reason why I kept you alive.
This was your sister's,
I'd have used it too, to avenge a sister who met a shameful death. Shouldn't have trusted a whore.
Care for an amusement? When blood river soaks the dry land, old boat's clamors shake the world! Cowardly boatman! Seize the moment to build a new boat!
Treacherous words from a treacherous subject.
Round everyone up! Close the door, another purge is coming! Hide yourself, they'll take you away! You are all pigs!
That is the very reason of your life! Peasant blood and sweat fueled the king's madness, it knew no boundary.
If the screams of his populace don't stop his dance, he must be stopped at any cost. When IM returns with new comforters,
public's rage will be at its limit, we'll start the rebellion. You bastards! Heaven will judge you. Go to hell, you bastards! Don't you have family?!
Why is everyone so desperate to die?
Where is everyone? Due to long travel, I've allowed them to rest.
But I should at least greet them! They will look better when they are rested.
All right, I can wait a night. You must also be tired, so rest up. Go now. Take a rest.
Anyone there? Yes, Your Highness, are you all right?
Pardon me? I wish to see the comforters now. But I must alert the security guards... You can be my security detail! Get ready at once! Your Highness, Minister IM is here.
Soong-jae! If you had everything ready, you should've told me before I got drunk. Forgive me. I was too conscious of others. It's okay, very good.
Everyone's so afraid of me, always, 'Your Highness!' Shut the hell up! Damn it! - Soong-jae! - Yes, bud!
Let's have some real fun, like we did as kids!
What's going on? Don't joke around! Do you remember? The girl role play, that you liked? What?
Now, you take the role that I always had to play. You must be mad! If you want it intact, hide it.
What's going on?!
Don't be upset over the past. I understand, I'll forget about this. So sheath your sword.
Sheath your sword! The world will be better off without it. Fine, fine. You think I won't do it? I will...
Yes, Lord!
Contempt for the king won't go unpunished! I only see a murderer, so where is the king?
Why are you doing this? Evil wins power, so all desire to be more evil. It's the source of our tragedy, and what tortures your soul! I shall uproot it.
Even if I die, you can't take my place! Friend! Evil is replaced by a greater evil. You underestimate me!
Your Highness. I'll bring out the comforters, and leave you be.
Pale skin, full buttocks, sharp nose tip. They fit your taste, so please fulfill your duty as a king. You bastard!
Stop right there!
Let's go!
Do not back down! We must take the palace! Captain!
Minister YU, you brought reinforcement. We can't last very long this way. Still no orders from the king? He's nowhere to be found.
The palace gate is open! Advance!
Minister! What took you so long? I want nothing more than to save this country!
I heard that fox Soong-jae visited you. How can you lead the uprising with his help?
And, I know I'm late to the party,
but reserve me a spot in the court. Advance!
IM Soong-jae!
Are you not afraid of the heavens?! Do you not know who I am?! Of course we do! A former concubine, who feeds off the populace, you're just a temptress who fueled tyranny!
You're just a pathetic pawn! I was a loyal subject... Die, you bitch!
you call this shame? It wouldn't be enough to rip you to shreds!
What are you waiting for? Kill me!
how am I any different from the mad king? If you could at least laugh at me... Stay alive.
Your sins will not wash away so easily. Survive and live to undo all your wrongs. Undo everything.
Majesty, I'll take care of her, please stay back! Your Highness!
Why're you wearing the king's robe?
What have you done to deserve it?! A hero is a nobody during peace, and a moral man is useless on the battlefield. What's the difference? Father!
Where did you hide the king? We should kill him first! Power cannot be contained. Nonsense! Like you said, we can build a higher levee! Have you gone blind? You're the blind one!
I know you started everything for that bitch! Move aside, I'll kill her and bring you back! Enough!
This is the only way for me as your son.
No, no, please! Please no! Please!
No! No! Soong-jae, my son! For upholding tyranny, creating a mad king,
blinding you with power, being a terrible son, I'll pay for it all. Please... No, you have to live!
How can I face your mother if you die like this? - No, please! - Fools... How did you not know?
You destroyed both of us. We could have accomplished so much together.
Drinking bud, it will only end by taking my life, right? Do you have a last wish? Take that whore, and send her far away.
She's rather irritating.
I had the king and the world at my fingertips. I had my share of the world.
Your vile reputation will last a millennium.
The king is not here, move out!
Rest easy now.
Go on and take them.
The pigs had the last laugh!
After Joseon's first uprising, The Beauty Recruits perished With King Yeonsan-gun.
Not quite selection process, but exercising power that was given. How could I best explain this?
So what happened to the mad king in the end? Haven't you been listening? His sexual appetite got him banished, so comforters were what got him killed! Good riddance!
Yeah! The IMs tried to help a concubine, and the two were found in ashes. Do that to me too!
and they deserved the worst fate in the world. If your drinks are empty, get going! Hurry!
It's here! It's starting!
the two IMs were up to no good, so desperate to get on the king's good side, can't just let this cruelty continue!
The enraged mountain god sent a tiger! I'm gonna hurt my back! Empty your pockets!
It searched the world for deluded subjects,
It searched and searched but could not find them. Hidden behind a human mask, can't tell what's in his heart.
All right, feed on my body, and if you're a good man, I'll strengthen your body,
or I'll become poison and kill you.
I found you!